history: add `!n` and `!?string?` commands (#6035)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/history.md

`history`

> - Run the n-th command of the history list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the Nth command of the history list:
```

Author: Ok! I gonna fix it :)

Reviewer 2: Actually, since all our clients support UTF-8, why not "Nᵗʰ"?

Author: For me Nᵗʰ is ok too. Should I change to it? @bl-ue @CleanMachine1

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure anymore. In monospace, which terminals use, it looks like this: `Nᵗʰ`

Reviewer 3: hmmm I like the smaller versions however as mentioned, special characters like that often look awful under most fonts.
